Documentation of our support and compatibility framework (#7458)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/support/status-definitions.rst

Alpha

  Alpha components and features are early preview versions of features being actively developed to become a stable part of the ecosystem. At the Alpha stage, they are not yet feature complete, may have poor runtime characteristics, are still subject to frequent change, and may not be fully documented. Alpha features can be evaluated, and used in PoCs, but should not yet be relied upon for large projects or production use where breakages or changes to APIs would be costly. 

Beta

  Beta components and features are preview versions of features that are close to maturity. They are characterized by being considered feature complete, and the APIs close to the final public APIs. It is relatively safe to build on Beta features as long as the documented caveats to runtime characteristics are understood and bugs and minor API adjustments are not too costly.

Deprecation
-----------

In addition to being labelled Early Access, features and components can also be labelled "Deprecated". Deprecation follows a deprecation cycle laid out in the table below. The date of deprecation is documented in :doc:`overview`.

> Deprecated feature scan be relied upon during the deprecation cycle to the same degree as their non-deprecated counterparts, but building on deprecated features may hinder an upgrade to new DAML versions following the deprecation cycle.

Reviewer: I would make a stronger statement that existing usage of deprecated features should be reduced, removed, and migrated to the suggested alternative.

Also, one really shouldn't scan features with deprecated technology 😉 
```suggestion
Deprecated features can be relied upon during the deprecation cycle to the same degree as their non-deprecated counterparts, but building on deprecated features may hinder an upgrade to new DAML versions following the deprecation cycle.
```

.. _status_definitions:

Comparison of Statuses
----------------------

> The below table gives a concise overview of the labels used for DAML features and components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below gives a concise overview of the labels used for DAML features and components.
```
